'''
Assignment 01: Menu-Driven Number Analysis System

Create a menu-driven Number Analysis System in Python.

The program should continuously display a menu and allow the user
to select different operations related to numbers. Each operation
must be implemented using a separate function.

The program must continue running until the user selects Exit.

Main Menu
----------------------------------------
       NUMBER ANALYSIS SYSTEM
----------------------------------------

1. Check Perfect Number
2. Check Palindrome Number
3. Check Strong Number
4. Check Armstrong Number
5. Check Prime Number
6. Check Even or Odd
7. Find Factorial
8. Find Sum of Digits
9. Reverse a Number
10. Find Number of Digits
11. Check Automorphic Number
12. Check Neon Number
13. Check Spy Number
14. Check Harshad Number
15. Exit

Enter your choice:

Requirements:

1. Implement each operation using a separate function.

2. The functions must receive the required number through parameters
   and must not take input directly.

3. Each function should return its result to the main program.

4. The main program should take input only after the user selects
   the corresponding operation.

5. The menu must run continuously using a loop until the user
   selects option 15.

6. Implement the following functions:

   def is_perfect(number):
       Check whether the number is a Perfect Number.
       A number is perfect when the sum of its proper divisors
       is equal to the number itself.

   def is_palindrome(number):
       Check whether the number reads the same from both directions.

   def is_strong(number):
       Check whether the sum of the factorials of its digits
       is equal to the original number.

   def is_armstrong(number):
       Check whether the number is an Armstrong Number.
       The number of digits must not be hard-coded.

   def is_prime(number):
       Check whether the number has exactly two factors:
       1 and itself.

   def check_even_odd(number):
       Determine whether the number is Even or Odd.

   def factorial(number):
       Find and return the factorial of the given number.

   def sum_of_digits(number):
       Calculate and return the sum of all digits.

   def reverse_number(number):
       Reverse and return the given number.

   def count_digits(number):
       Count and return the number of digits present in the number.

   def is_automorphic(number):
       Check whether the square of the number ends with
       the same number.

   def is_neon(number):
       Check whether the sum of the digits of the square
       is equal to the original number.

   def is_spy(number):
       Check whether the sum of the digits is equal to
       the product of the digits.

   def is_harshad(number):
       Check whether the number is completely divisible by
       the sum of its digits.

7. Display appropriate messages based on the returned result.

   For example:
   - <number> is a Perfect Number
   - <number> is not a Perfect Number
   - <number> is a Prime Number
   - <number> is not a Prime Number

8. For the factorial operation, display the calculated factorial.

9. For the sum of digits operation, display the calculated sum.

10. For the reverse operation, display the reversed number.

11. For the digit-count operation, display the total number of digits.

12. If the user enters a choice outside the range 1 to 15, display:

   Invalid Choice!
   Please select a choice between 1 and 15.

   Then display the menu again.

13. Do not take input for all operations at the beginning.
    Take input only for the operation selected by the user.

14. After completing an operation, display a message such as:

   Press Enter to continue...

   Then display the menu again.

15. When the user selects option 15, display:

   Thank you for using Number Analysis System!
   Program terminated.

   Then terminate the program.

16. The menu should be displayed in a clear and consistent format
    every time it is shown.

17. Do not place the main operation logic directly inside the menu.
    Use the required functions and call them from the main program.

Example Program Flow:

User selects:
4

Enter a number:
153

153 is an Armstrong Number

Press Enter to continue...

The menu should then be displayed again.

When the user selects:
15

Display the termination message and end the program.
'''